.TH ANDI "1" "June 2014" "andi 0.4-pre" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
andi \- manual page for andi 0.4-pre
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B andi
[\fI-jrv\fR] [\fI-p FLOAT\fR] \fIFILES\fR...
.SH DESCRIPTION
.IP
Estimates the evolutionary distance between genomes.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-j\fR, \fB\-\-join\fR
Use this mode if each of your fasta files represents one assembly with numerous contigs. \fBandi\fR will then treat all of the contained sequences as a single genome. In this mode at least one file must be provided via command line arguments. In the output the filename is used to identify each sequence.
.TP
\fB\-p\fR <FLOAT>
Certainty that a pair of anchors was not found by chance; default: 0.95
.TP
\fB\-r\fR, \fB\-\-raw\fR
Calculates raw distances; default: Jukes\-Cantor corrected
.TP
\fB\-v\fR, \fB\-\-verbose\fR
Prints additional information. Apply multiple times for extra verboseness.
.TP
\fB\-t\fR <INT>
The number of threads to be used; default: 1
.br
Multithreading is only available if \fBandi\fR was compiled with OpenMP support.
.TP
\fB\-h\fR, \fB\-\-help\fR
display this help and exit
.TP
\fB\-\-version\fR
output version information and acknowledgements
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright \(co 2014 Fabian Klötzl
License GPLv3+: GNU GPL version 3 or later <http://gnu.org/licenses/gpl.html>
.br
This is free software: you are free to change and redistribute it.
There is NO WARRANTY, to the extent permitted by law.
.PP
.SH ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS
1) Andi: Haubold, B. Klötzl, F. and Pfaffelhuber, P. (2014). Fast and accurate estimation of evolutionary distances between genomes. In preparation.
.br
2) Algorithm: Ohlebusch, E. (2013). Bioinformatics Algoritms. Sequence Analysis, Genome Rearrangements, and Phylogenetic Reconstruction. pp 118f.
.br
3) RMQ: Fischer, J. and Heun, V. (2007). A new succinct representation of RMQ\-information and improvements in the enhanced suffix array. Chen, B. Paterson, M., and Zhang, G. (Eds): ESCAPE 2007, LCNS 4614, pp. 459\-470.
.br
4) SA construction: Mori, Y. (2005). Short description of improved two\-stage suffix sorting alorithm. http://homepage3.nifty.com/wpage/software/itssort.txt

